Make the gene essentiality usage more user friendly (#194)
nf-core/crisprseq: docs/usage/screening.md

| CTCTACGAGAAGCTCTACAC | NM_021446.2 | 0610007P14Rik | ex2  | 12     | +        | 85822108 |
| GACTCTATCACATCACACTG | NM_021446.2 | 0610007P14Rik | ex4  | 12     | +        | 85816419 |

### Running gene essentiality scoring

> nf-core/crisprseq supports 4 gene essentiality analysis modules : MAGeCK RRA, MAGeCK MLE,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/crisprseq supports 4 gene essentiality analysis modules: MAGeCK RRA, MAGeCK MLE,
```

BAGEL2 and DrugZ. You can run any of these modules by providing a contrast file using `--contrasts` and the flag of the tool you wish to use:

> - `--rra` for MAGeCK RRA,
> - `--mle` for MAGeCK MLE
> - `--drugz` for DrugZ
> - `--bagel2` for BAGEL2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--rra` for MAGeCK RRA
- `--mle` for MAGeCK MLE
- `--drugz` for DrugZ
- `--bagel2` for BAGEL2
```

> The contrast file must contain the headers "treatment" and "reference".These two columns should be separated with a dot comma (;) and contain the `csv` extension. You can also integrate several samples/conditions by comma separating them in each column. Please find an example here below :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contrast file must contain the headers "reference" and "treatment". These two columns should be separated with a semicolon (;) and contain the `csv` extension. You can also integrate several samples/conditions by comma-separating them in each column. Please find an example below:
```

This label is not mandatory as in case you are running time series. If you wish to run MAGeCK MLE with the day0 label you can do so by specifying `--day0_label` and the sample names that should be used as day0. The contrast will then be automatically adjusted for the other days.

#### With the contrast file

> To run MAGeCK MLE, you can define the contrasts as previously stated in the last section with --contrasts your_file.txt and also specify `--mle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run MAGeCK MLE, you can define the contrasts as previously stated in the last section with `--contrasts <your_file.txt>` and also specify `--mle`.
```

I would put all occurences of variable file names ("your_file.txt" in this case) within < > throughout the docs. Not a dealbreaker though.

### Running BAGEL2

BAGEL2 (Bayesian Analysis of Gene Essentiality with Location) is a computational tool developed by the Hart Lab at Harvard University. It is designed for analyzing large-scale genetic screens, particularly CRISPR-Cas9 screens, to identify genes that are essential for the survival or growth of cells under different conditions. BAGEL2 integrates information about the location of guide RNAs within a gene and leverages this information to improve the accuracy of gene essentiality predictions.
BAGEL2 uses the same contrasts from `--contrasts` and is run with the extra parameter `--bagel2`.

### Running drugZ

> [DrugZ](https://github.com/hart-lab/drugz) detects synergistic and suppressor drug-gene interactions in CRISPR screens. DrugZ is an open-source Python software for the analysis of genome-scale drug modifier screens. The software accurately identifies genetic perturbations that enhance or suppress drug activity. To run drugZ, you can specify `--drugz` with the contrast file `--contrasts`. These two columns should be separated with a dot comma (;) and contain the `csv` extension. You can also integrate several samples/conditions by comma separating them in each column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DrugZ](https://github.com/hart-lab/drugz) detects synergistic and suppressor drug-gene interactions in CRISPR screens. DrugZ is an open-source Python software for the analysis of genome-scale drug modifier screens. The software accurately identifies genetic perturbations that enhance or suppress drug activity. To run drugZ, you can specify `--drugz` with the contrast file `--contrasts <your_file.csv>`. The contrasts file should contain two columns, separated with a semicolon (;), and have the `csv` extension. You can also integrate several samples/conditions by comma-separating them in each column:
```
